Update README for using static hosting (#45)
maximevaillancourt/digital-garden-jekyll-template: README.md

<img width="1522" alt="Screen Shot 2020-05-19 at 23 05 46" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8457808/82400515-7d026d80-9a25-11ea-83f1-3b9cb8347e07.png">

## Modifying for use with static output

> If you are using a site such as Neocities which cannot resolve urls that do not end with .html the bidirectional links will not work. This can be fixed by modiying ``` _plugins/bidirectional_links_generator.rb``` on lines ```5, 32, 39, 46 and 72``` to have the .html extension. 

Reviewer: A typo fix and some formatting suggestions:

```suggestion
If you are using a site such as Neocities which cannot resolve URLs that do not end with `.html`, the bidirectional links will not work. This can be fixed by modifying ``` _plugins/bidirectional_links_generator.rb``` on lines ```5, 32, 39, 46 and 72``` to have the `.html` extension. 
```

For example: 
```"<a class='internal-link' href='#{note_potentially_linked_to.url}'>\\1</a>"```

becomes 
```"<a class='internal-link' href='#{note_potentially_linked_to.url}.html'>\\1</a>"```

> You will also need to update the backlinks in ```_layouts/note.html``` to also have .html on line ```22```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also need to update the backlinks in ```_layouts/note.html``` to also have `.html` on line ```22```
```
